feat(telemetry): add Carbon telemetry (#894)
carbon-design-system/ibm-security: README.md

## License

Licensed under the [Apache License, Version 2.0](./LICENSE).

## Telemetry

> This project [collects usage information for IBM and Carbon Design System properties](https://www.carbondesignsystem.com/help/faq/#telemetry).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This project [collects product dependency information for IBM and Carbon Design System properties](https://www.carbondesignsystem.com/help/faq/#telemetry).
```
